from the glass tracking camera like a
soldier do I could call you cloth for
your flush no that's all girls like
somebody y'all son will bring some
horrible to you rappers just are corny
while I'm popping like some kernels
runner hurtle you please increase
performance try to fuck with me I can
make your life so morbid you're using no
make sense to me cell phone dead and
cordless don't bring no beef around me
your diet should stay for video just go
like out of town google semantic kilo
and human shit you talk a lot so and it
does meet so late unit shit i don't like
working chief keef oh I bang bang
phonies I messed up with no skis done
first cold calls icicles low just call
the runny nose get it that's taking shit
rock them like no guns roses talk well
let's go and man that's difficult your
girl down underneath my abdomen or
mistletoe no I'm just like you got
swagga making moves money long i go to
thats gay and shit you free loops this
big money to see I'm when you're fearing
only thing that's fake about me is the
diamonds and my earrings arsenite fuck
it up I thought to be thin up the heat
get you rappers less well Kruger lived
right down the street he's with the
beurre blanc Studios my workspace and I
murder everything I'm on Friday back to
thursday please
take a person over fuck you window
persuade guilty for 187 no need for a
jury I'm not playing your games lyrics
locked and loaded my sons coming at you
like you're nearing like a motive for
lake or ocean you can compare to my bow
and then that cooker cooker cut you
grandpa's game just needed mowing in the
deep end homie I hope I don't drown but
my bars let go for days like a trip on a
greyhound about that let me tell you
about these clowns cuz the same one
steady a ganar the string gonna beat the
shock back all of my dad to stay pretty
my flag snapping like everyone running
up Gretchen slow it back down am I going
to fix my brakes water but no crashed
others beat but I love to trash me put
some I can attract it goes over and just
do the math